Add a dedicated setting to control sending checks config to inventory (#12912)
DataDog/datadog-agent: pkg/metadata/inventories/README.md

`SetCheckMetadata` registers data per check instance. Metadata can include the check version, the version of the
monitored software, ... It depends on each check.

> We send for every running checks, no matter if they registered extra metadata or not: name, ID, configuration,
> configuration provider. Sending checks configuration can be disabled using `inventories_checks_configuration_enabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every running check, no matter if it registered extra metadata or not, we send: name, ID, configuration,
configuration provider. Sending checks configuration can be disabled using `inventories_checks_configuration_enabled`.
```
